11) Explain what T2 instances is?
T2 instances are designed to provide moderate baseline performance and the capability to burst to higher performance as required by the workload.

12) In VPC with private and public subnets, database servers should ideally be launched into which subnet?
With private and public subnets in VPC, database servers should ideally launch into private subnets.

13) Mention what the security best practices for Amazon EC2 are?
For secure Amazon EC2 best practices, follow the following steps

Use AWS identity and access management to control access to your AWS resources
Restrict access by allowing only trusted hosts or networks to access ports on your instance
Review the rules in your security groups regularly
Only open up permissions that you require
Disable password-based login, for example, launched from your AMI
14) Explain how the buffer is used in Amazon web services?
The buffer is used to make the system more robust to manage traffic or load by synchronizing different components.  Usually, components receive and process the requests in an unbalanced way. With the help of a buffer, the components will be balanced and will work at the same speed to provide faster services.

15) While connecting to your instance what are the possible connection issues one might face?
The possible connection errors one might encounter while connecting instances are

Connection timed out
User key not recognized by the server
Host key not found, permission denied
An unprotected private key file
Server refused our key or No supported authentication method available
Error using MindTerm on Safari Browser
Error using Mac OS X RDP Client
16) What are key-pairs in AWS?
Key-pairs are secure login information for your virtual machines. To connect to the instances, you can use key-pairs which contain a public-key and private-key.

17)  What are the different types of instances?
Following are the types of instances:

General purpose
Computer Optimized
Memory Optimized
Storage Optimized
Accelerated Computing
18) Is the property of broadcast or multicast supported by Amazon VPC?
No, currently Amazon VPI does not provide support for broadcast or multicast.

19) How many Elastic IPs are allowed to be created by AWS?
5 VPC Elastic IP addresses are allowed for each AWS account.

20) Explain default storage class in S3
The default storage class is a Standard frequently accessed.


